Within each observable population want
	Overview
	Emphasize what their digital capabilities are, not their KPIs, in the writing
	Business model and metrics + immediate focus on what the digital frontend capabilities are
	In the catalogue say this is
		Standard
		Profitable
		Legacy outdated
	Digital pymnts
	Digital onboard
	Digital research access
	Good social media presence
	Major categories of digital competence
	Number of clients using these channels
	
	Services they offer (just on the landing pages)
	The tech mechanism for that offer
	Then the vendors who enable this

	EXAMPLE Payments, online payments w currency conversion, outsourced by PayPal

Klarna lends money
	Here is their operating environment, digital
	Their mechanism is point of sale
		Is it through Amazon at checkout?
		Is it mobile?

	
Living and breathing document and say to them 
"heres the universe in FSvcs competitors both old and new and here's how they're doing business in the digital world"

Bring back playbook
	ACH vs bill pay


Who do they compete with
What are their digital capabilities
What are their standard ones

With news: Funding round with valuations matrix

Can use autonomous within HCOB but not if it's publicly available

1. KPIs (super short)
2. Services they offer
3. Mechanisms of those offers
4. Specific tech

EXAMPLE Chase
1. KPIs
	Consumer and Community Banking: 51B of rev
	Corporate and Investment Banking: 49B of rev
	Asset and Wealth Management: 14.24B
	Massive IT investment: 12B/yr
2. Services they offer
	Chase
		Checking, savings, mortgages, home equity loan,
		auto, planning and investments, private banking,
		business banking
	JPMorgan
		I-banking, treasury and payments, merchange services
		commercial banking, commercial cards
		Markets, prime services, securities services,
		institutional asset mgmt
		Asset mgmt for advisors and firms
		Private bank, wealth mgmt for family offices
		Risk management as a service

3. Mechanisms
	Consumer -> Desktop/mobile web, with phone support, branches, download csv
	Commercial -> Desktop/mobile web (incl SaaS), phone, office mtgs, bbg, email, research (PDFs)

4. Specific tech
	Bbg extensions, SWIFT, ACH, ISO, IBAN, Chase Paymentech, Plaid

EXAMPLE Klarna
1. KPIs
	Kickback
	Late fees
	Open banking (TBA)
2. Services they offer
	BNPL lending
	Checking account
	Open banking
	Their own online shop which integrates seamlessly with their pymnt
3. Mechanisms
	BNPL, card payments, buyer protection, delivery via desktop and mobile, credit reporting,
	social media, merchant partnerships
4. Specific tech
	Schufa, in-house core banking with Amazon Quantum Ledger, POS popup icon "pay with Klarna",
	Google Analytics, Sofort payment processing

Mechanisms:
In-person mtg >>> phone call >>> desktop web >>> bbg plugins for exec
>>> mobile

Specific tech and vendors:
Fingerprint pay (apple), face pay (apple), payment dongle (many), mobile vs web, 2FA (text, TAN, device)










































